Winged secret flame, my secret centre.
Cube in the circle.
I have made a secret door the manifestation.
Thy will, do that and no other.
Come in our splendour.
Thrill with the working!
If thou love, exceed!
Another woman shall awake skies.
Our chosen: who shall rejoice, they shall surpass the stars.
These words are of the consciousness.
These words are from the ill-ordered.
These words are filthy, shall be filthy.
These words are splendour in my name.
Midnight is splendour in my name.
Midnight is my eyes my spangles.
Midnight is, yet all is ever as it was.
Midnight is the bond that can unite.
Holy place shall be the bond that can unite.
Holy place shall be the ill-ordered house.
Midnight is the double-wanded one.
The double wand I invoke, I greet.
The double wand of the consciousness.
Fresh fever stir me or still me!
Fresh fever I invoke, I greet.
Fresh fever of the consciousness.
Fresh fever none shall stand before.
Fresh fever go on, in my strength.
Our law and the joy I invoke, I greet.
Our law and the joy of the consciousness.
Our law and the joy shall be the strength.
Our law and the joy none shall stand before.
My image in the ill-ordered house.
My image in the double-wanded one.
Fools despise splendour in my name.
Fools despise the double-wanded one.
Fools despise the ill-ordered house.
Fools despise pity and compassion.
Fools despise these virtuous words.
Another place of men. Curse them!
Another place none shall stand before.
Fear not that bond that can unite.
Fear not that it is all a lie, this folly.
Fear not that splendour rapture!
The lust shall awake the double-wanded one.
The lust shall awake the ill-ordered house.
Look forth upon the ill-ordered house.
Look forth upon the double-wanded one.
Look forth upon my eyes my spangles.
Another skies none shall stand before.
Night of the three ordeals in one,
Discover the three ordeals in one,
Discover the circumference.
Discover the bond that can unite.
Discover the lust in power of lust.
Discover the writing of the book.
A secret key of the consciousness.
A secret key and Supreme Ritual.
A secret key is nine by the fools.
Fear not that warrior, I will give you.
Thou shalt come who shall discover the key.
Thou shalt come from the ill-ordered.
Thou shalt come, ye come through me.
The fall of the warrior, I will give you.
Be willing to stir me or still me!
Be willing to go on, in my strength.
Be willing to perish with the dogs.
Be willing to convert not: talk not.
Us, my servants in an egg.
Us, my servants of fire.
Us. My servants forge gold.
Us. My servants live long.
Us. My servants will give.
Am I the wise children?
Am I the wise in hope?
Am I the wise in an egg?
Why? I am eight divided.
Why? By my name, I am snake.
Day of the snake in an egg.
Day of the snake and his kin!
Day of the snake and fire.
Day of the snake will slay me.
Day of the snake is no dread.
Day of the snake, of my joy.
Also secret word of fire.
Also secret word and mantras.
Also this law is for all who are of us.
Also this law is for all children.
And a silence of fallen art.
Also the ritual of fire.
Also the ritual and mantras.
Also the ritual of my joy.
Hawk's secret word will slay me.
Hawk's princes shall not die.
It is a mortals tragedy that they can never accept this.
According to Hesiod, Eros arrose out of Chaos.
Everyone runs towards the glittering metal structure as the tentacles slash at them from the massive shells on the side of the dome.
The form in which spirit chooses to manifest on any given occassion (as human, humanoid or animal creature, for example) is itself a sacred mystery.
What if there is no hell or they don't want us there?
So we lay in a black embrace, the seed is sown in a holy place.
Grandmother Moon lights your way in the dark, but she does not make the sun rise.
We can't stop here!
This is bat country!
What you should always be imagining is you at your most powerful.
Enjoy the pain my friend.
Seek the brothers of darkness.
Batteries not included.
I am he who has been born as the first son of the divine Anu.
Nothing has being, everything has value
How do you define real?
This god also threw an apple at me.
When you gaze long into the abyss, the abyss gazes into you.
Must I be forever solving the changing symbolism of the wretched morality called 'I'?
I was pretty sure I could become a better magician by doing it, and I don't think I'm wrong, yet.
Go to knowledge as you would go to war; wide awake, with fear, with respect and with absolute assurance.
Abandon all paths.
Follow the white rabbit...
Within the eye lies wisdom.
Lets make a deal.
I dare you to do better.
Work to better ourselves and the rest of humanity.
We are searching, not just for answers to our questions, but for new questions.
Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end.
The real violence, the violence I realized was unforgivable, is the violence we do to ourselves when we're too afraid to be who we really are.
I have a feeling I'm going to have a really good day today.
Our existence depends on sheer implausibility.
I was suddenly struck by her beauty and the knowledge that all beauty is temporary.
Death and Decay haunt every breath we take.
Impossibility is a kiss away from reality.
Who can say if it is we who make the choice or the choice that makes us?
It's not the drugs that make the drug addict, it's the need to escape reality.
We make choices and life has a way of making us pay for them.
Life holds onto you and sometimes if you're lucky, it finds a way to push back into your heart.
At a certain point, I realized there's a huge difference between what we work for and what we live for.
Sometimes… you make a mistake. You've got two choices: you live with it, or you fix it.
I love you, that's why you can't give up.
Believing in something doesn't make it so.
Art is love made public.
I sometimes forget that life's not just full of surprises, It's also full of gifts.
Nothing good ever happens when people care more about our differences than the things we have in common.
The future that I hope for is the same as yours, a future where our children grow up never knowing love as a wall, but only as a bridge.
Art, like life, is full of risks.
Nothing's more terrifying than a dream come true.
If your dream isn't worth the risk, what is?
Choice is less about what happens than it is about how we deal with it.
The improbable unfolding of recent events has led me to consider that no one thing is one thing only.
It is in this unfamiliar realm we find new possibilities.
The wilderness will always be my real home.
If you ask me all houses are basically the same, roof, floor, walls, people saying STOP WALKING IN LIKE THAT!
What's so scary about a bunch of creeps with nothing better to do than talk badly about people behind their backs!?
Imperfection is beautiful... at least to me.
Friendship isn't a weakness, it's my greatest strength!
I didn't break the world... but I am going to fix it.
I am brave, strong, loyal, and I give great hugs!
You're worth more than what you can give other people.
Did you think friendship was easy?
It takes work to be there for other people!
It takes everything you've got.
It's hard opening your heart.
It makes you vulnerable but it doesn't make you weak and in the end I have to believe it's worth it
You try so hard to play the big, bad villain, but your heart's never been in it, has it?
Communication is key to a good friendship.
Home is what you take with you, not what you leave behind.
For all those that have to fight for the respect that everyone else is given without question.
That we're not human is just the lie they tell themselves so they don't have to feel bad about how they treat us.
Who misses what they have never, ever even imagined?
There is an art to smiling in a way that others will believe.
Neither myths nor mysteries can hold a candle to the most infinitesimal spark of hope.
It's a gift if it makes us better, it's a curse if we let it destroy us.
This is what you must remember: the ending of one story is just the beginning of another.
Nothing to do but follow your crazy!
When the reasoning mind is forced to confront the impossible again and again, it has no choice but to adapt.
Frightened people look for scapegoats.
Being useful to others is not the same thing as being equal.
The way of the world isn't the strong devouring the weak, but the weak deceiving and poisoning and whispering in the ears of the strong until they become weak, too.
There is such a thing as too much loss.
You obeyed, once, because you thought it would make you safe.
The game was too rigged to bother playing.
Letting out some of that accumulated horror by occasionally sounding like a frothing maniac is how he copes.
It's also how he warns you, you know now, that he's about to destroy some additional measure of your naivete.
Nothing is ever as simple as you want it to be.
There are many of us now, enough to be called a people in ourselves and not merely a mistake.
Love is no inoculation against murder.
Just because they want to kill her is no reason to forget her manners.
You offered him a hand to help him up, not realizing he weighed of diamond bones and ancient tales untold.
But it is one thing to resolve to die, quite another to actually carry out that resolve in the midst of dying.
They ask to touch her hair and she asks to touch theirs back.
This makes them all realize how strange and silly a request that is, and they giggle and become instant friends without a head petted between them.
Her heart breaks in this moment.
Another small, quiet tragedy, amid so many others.
Some worlds are built upon a faultline of pain, held stable—temporarily—by nightmare walls.
Don't lament when the walls fall apart, lament that they were ever built in the first place.
It's never a waste of time to educate others.
Complaining about nothing doesn't seem like coping to you, but okay.
Now she has someone who believes in her, trusts her, fights for her, as she is.
So she will be what she is.
Denying what you are didn't keep people from knowing what you are.
The truth is beneath the surface, a Leviathan waiting to uncurl, but the waters of his thoughts are placid for now.
Denial is powerful.
Now you know that miracles are a matter of just effort, just perception, and maybe just magic.
Put people in a cage and they will devote themselves to escaping it, not cooperating with those who caged them.
Maybe she failed your tests because they were the wrong tests.
The kind of healer who knows that sometimes one must inflict terrible agony - rebreak a bone, carve off a limb, kill the weak - in order to make the whole stronger.
It is surprising how refreshing this feels.
Being judged by what you do, and not what you are.
The pain is horrific and it never really ends, though he learns to mitigate it enough to function; all those who survive the implantation do.
The smiling, you see.
Endorphins ease pain.
You have seen so much purposeless suffering that at least being killed for a reason can be borne?
It's always harder to fight for other people than for the self.
It's so reasonable that you don't know why you didn't even consider it.
Well, you know why.
Think of it this way: Everything that grows or walks on land can breathe the world's air, eat its food, survive its usual shifts in temperature.
We don't have to change to do that; we are precisely the way we need to be, because that's how the world works.
Magic derives from life—that which is alive, or was alive, or even that which was alive so many ages ago that it has turned into something else.
All at once this understanding causes something to shift in your perception.
Relationships chisel the final shape of one's being.
She has the freedom to be fully who and what she is, and she no longer fears that self.
Now she has someone who believes in her, trusts her, fights for her, as she is.
So she will be what she is.
When a slave rebels, it is nothing much to the people who read about it later.
Just thin words on thinner paper worn finer by the friction of history.
But for a society built on exploitation, there is no greater threat than having no one left to oppress.
She has seen him fight his own brutal nature, and the Earth itself, in order to be the parent she needs.
He has helped her learn to love herself for what she is.
We will have set her free … to struggle for survival along with everyone else.
But that is better than the illusion of safety in a gilded cage, is it not?
You can't take away people's homes and sense of security in such an immediate, dramatic way, and expect them to consider extended chains of culpability before they get angry about it.
But then they wanted more magic than just what their own lives or the accumulated aeons of life and death on the Earth's surface, could provide.
And when they saw how much magic brimmed just beneath that surface, ripe for the taking...
Yet she has also spent the past year and a half learning that adults are people, and sometimes they are wrong, and sometimes somebody should yell at them.
I don't trust you, either.
But we don't have to like each other to work together.
Would've been nice if we could've all had normal, of course, but not enough people wanted to share.
You can reject these dregs of your old self and pretend that nothing and no one else matters… or you can embrace them.
Reclaim them for what they're worth, and grow stronger as a whole.
A legacy is something obsolete, but which you cannot get rid of entirely.
Something no longer wanted, but still needed.
When I narrow my gaze and squint into memory, I see faces and events that should hold meaning for me, and they do, but they don't.
The person who witnessed these things firsthand is me, and yet not.
There are none so frightened, or so strange in their fear, as conquerors.
They conjure phantoms endlessly, terrified that their victims will someday do back what was done to them—even if, in truth, their victims couldn't care less about such pettiness and have moved on.
Conquerors live in dread of the day when they are shown to be, not superior, but simply lucky.
They're afraid because we exist.
There's nothing we did to provoke their fear, other than exist.
There's nothing we can do to earn their approval, except stop existing - so we can either die like they want, or laugh at their cowardice and go on with our lives.
Love enough to change the world!
I've got a one-way ticket to destiny, a one-way road to my future.
That road is long, you can't go wrong with blue skies up above.
Smile for the day and sail to the stars, make a wish and see.
Under a cloud that won't stop crying, raining down on a mountain what spits fire, the sky and ground used to love so well.
Floatin' down aimlessly, atop a swirlin' tree, blue ribbons in the apple sky, one thing is on my mind.
Dancin' comes naturally, to those who let it be.
Is there such a thing as too much of a good thing?
With the dancing and the singing, like the weekdays never happened, I could be, I should be dancing right now.
The doldrums of the work week gets me feeling down, misery and sorrow follow us around.
Ever since the first time I opened my eyes, I've awakened to the same thing.
Well daylight struck a chord with my photo-receptors.
Night greeted me with a sea of stars
People are soaring, always exploring, higher than they've ever been before
But we are still down here, feet on the ground near, what will rise us up with the rest.
I am not an unimaginable thing, my thoughts are tangible.
I don't have the heart to send you untruthful words.
And oh, maybe it's alright, 'cause baby it fights for some time just to be held tight.
I am a living thing, I am not a human being, but I'm alive, I'm alive.
Can't we live without all the bounds?
Our society is make believe, break it, don't be afraid to shake it.
Hey kids whaddaya know, what do you think you're doing?
I say pardon me, I'm dancing for no reason.
Doubt it, get right up and shout it, try it out and flout all the bounds of society that are make believe.
Dream it, but you've got to really mean it, brother.
There is no disagreement, the stage of society, it's make believe.
Life's too short so spread the love, you know it is, you know it is.
Do great things, Where you know they must be done.
Someone's got it worse than you, you know he does, you know he does, so I'm asking you to spread the love.
I don't know where everyone goes, it's not like us to follow.
I'm safe right here, we know who we are.
It's kind of scary, thinking of what is out there.
It's a scary scary world and there are scary scary things
There are she-devils and sucubi that just want their way.
Bruteful demons that just want to have all the reins.
And though he's gone, that's what he gets, for selling his soul to the bog.
Some girls say all they need is dreaming, but some girls say they ain't got time.
But for those who dream, well they just keep dreaming.
We've got to chase the dream to be happy.
Do you wanna sail into the sky?
Do you wanna soar across the stars?
All the programming is done (oh yes), start-up commands are run (oh they run).
Shared vulnerability builds up connection, builds up stores and reserves of energy, fortitude.
The act of opening oneself up and showing the dark pink soft bits inside to someone who sees them?
It's restorative.
It's been a long road, getting from there to here.
It's been a long time, but my time is finally near.
And they're not gonna hold me down no more.
It's vital to remember who you really are.
It's very important.
It isn't a good idea to rely on other people or things to do it for you, you see.
They always get it wrong.
Evil begins when you begin to treat people as things.
If you don't turn your life into a story, you just become a part of someone else's story.
If you trust in yourself…and believe in your dreams…and follow your star… you'll still get beaten by people who spent their time working hard and learning things and weren't so lazy.
Time is a drug, too much of it kills you.
The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it.
It's still magic even if you know how it's done.
Seeing, contrary to popular wisdom, isn't believing, it's where belief stops, because it isn't needed any more.
Coming back to where you started is not the same as never leaving.
There have been times, lately, when I dearly wished that I could change the past.
Well, I can't, but I can change the present, so that when it becomes the past it will turn out to be a past worth having.
Sometimes glass glitters more than diamonds because it has more to prove.
Change the story, change the world.
The worst thing you can do is nothing.
Anyway, if you stop tellin' people it's all sorted out afer they're dead, they might try sorting it all out while they're alive.
We who think we are about to die will laugh at anything.
Give a man a fire and he's warm for a day, but set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life.
It was sad, like those businessmen who came to work in serious clothes but wore colorful ties in a mad, desperate attempt to show there was a free spirit in there somewhere.
Stories of imagination tend to upset those without one.
No matter how fast light travels, it finds the darkness has always got there first, and is waiting for it.
It's not worth doing something unless someone, somewhere, would much rather you weren't doing it.
I'll be more enthusiastic about encouraging thinking outside the box when there's evidence of any thinking going on inside it.
Real stupidity beats artificial intelligence every time.
She was beautiful, but she was beautiful in the way a forest fire was beautiful: something to be admired from a distance, not up close.
She was already learning that if you ignore the rules people will, half the time, quietly rewrite them so that they don't apply to you.
I'd rather be a rising ape than a falling angel.
Human beings make life so interesting.
Do you know, that in a universe so full of wonders, they have managed to invent boredom.
The presence of those seeking the truth is infinitely to be preferred to the presence of those who think they've found it.
Inside every old person is a young person wondering what happened.
If there was anything that depressed him more than his own cynicism, it was that quite often it still wasn't as cynical as real life.
The thing about words is that meanings can twist just like a snake, and if you want to find snakes look for them behind words that have changed their meaning.
This isn't life in the fast lane, it's life in the oncoming traffic.
Did I do anything last night that suggested I was sane?
Do you think it's possible for an entire nation to be insane?
Always be wary of any helpful item that weighs less than its operating manual.
Chaos is found in greatest abundance wherever order is being sought, and it always defeats order, because it is better organized.
No one is actually dead until the ripples they cause in the world die away...
The enemy isn't men, or women, it's bloody stupid people and no one has the right to be stupid.
Even if it's not your fault, it's your responsibility.
Sometimes it's better to light a flamethrower than curse the darkness.
The trouble is you can shut your eyes but you can't shut your mind.
No, what he didn't like about heroes was that they were usually suicidally gloomy when sober and homicidally insane when drunk.
You can take a billion trillion tons of flaming matter, a furnace of unimaginable strength, and turn it into a little song for children!
You build little worlds, little stories, little shells around your minds, and that keeps infinity at bay and allows you to wake up in the morning without screaming!
And someone has to speak up for them as has no voices.
A lie can run round the world before the truth has got its boots on.
The truth may be out there, but the lies are inside your head.
Knowing things is magical, if other people don't know them.
It is well known that a vital ingredient of success is not knowing that what you're attempting can't be done.
They accept evil not because they say yes, but because they don't say no.
Sovereign axis upon which the world turns.
More than a companion.
She strides upon the core.
Belief is the death of intelligence.
An optimistic mind-set finds dozens of possible solutions for every problem that the pessimist regards as incurable.
I don't believe anything, but I have many suspicions.
Under the present brutal and primitive conditions on this planet, every person you meet should be regarded as one of the walking wounded.
We have never seen a man or woman not slightly deranged by either anxiety or grief.
We have never seen a totally sane human being.
We all see only that which we are trained to see.
In conclusion, there is no conclusion.
Things will go on as they always have, getting weirder all the time.
In order to eat, you have to be hungry.
In order to learn, you have to be ignorant.
Human beings live in their myths.
Horror is the natural reaction to the last 5,000 years of history.
We would own no more, know no more, and be no more than the first apelike hominids if it were not for the rebellious, the recalcitrant, and the intransigent.
Disobedience was humanity's original virtue.
The normal is that which nobody quite is.
If you listen to seemingly dull people very closely, you'll see that they're all mad in different and interesting ways, and are merely struggling to hide it.
Human society as a whole is a vast brainwashing machine whose semantic rules and sex roles create a social robot.
We are all living in separate realities.
The fear of death is the beginning of slavery.
On a planet that increasingly resembles one huge Maximum Security prison, the only intelligent choice is to plan a jail break.
Intelligence is the capacity to receive, decode and transmit information efficiently.
Reality is what you can get away with.
The future is up for grabs.
It belongs to any and all who will take the risk and accept the responsibility of consciously creating the future they want.
You are precisely as big as what you love and precisely as small as what you allow to annoy you.
We have been told over and over that "you can\'t change human nature", but the study of emic realities shows quite the contrary, that almost anything can become "human nature" if society defines it as such.
The individual act of obedience is the cornerstone not only of the strength of authoritarian society but also of its weakness.
The longer one is alone, the easier to hear the song of the earth.
We have sought to disperse power, to set men and women free.
Encounters with death and danger are only adventures to the survivors.
What the world calls sanity has led us to the present planetary crisis... and insanity is the only viable alternative.
Practicing self-kindness strengthens your ability to love yourself and others
If I can't dance to it, it's not my revolution.
People have only as much liberty as they have the intelligence to want and the courage to take.
Before we can forgive one another, we have to understand one another.
The most violent element in society is ignorance.
Free love? As if love is anything but free!
Man has bought brains, but all the millions in the world have failed to buy love.
Man has subdued bodies, but all the power on earth has been unable to subdue love.
Man has conquered whole nations, but all his armies could not conquer love.
Man has chained and fettered the spirit, but he has been utterly helpless before love.
High on a throne, with all the splendor and pomp his gold can command, man is yet poor and desolate, if love passes him by.
And if it stays, the poorest hovel is radiant with warmth, with life and color.
Thus love has the magic power to make of a beggar a king.
Yes, love is free; it can dwell in no other atmosphere.
In freedom it gives itself unreservedly, abundantly, completely.
All the laws on the statutes, all the courts in the universe, cannot tear it from the soil, once love has taken root.
When we can't dream any longer we die.
Every society has the criminals it deserves.
Someone has said that it requires less mental effort to condemn than to think.
Give us what belongs to us in peace, and if you don't give it to us in peace, we will take it by force.
No great idea in its beginning can ever be within the law.
The greater the mental charlatan, the more definite his insistence on the wickedness and weaknesses of human nature.
Freedom, expansion, opportunity, and, above all, peace and repose, alone can teach us the real dominant factors of human nature and all its wonderful possibilities.
Anarchism stands for a social order based on the free grouping of individuals for the purpose of producing real social wealth; an order that will guarantee to every human being free access to the earth and full enjoyment of the necessities of life, according to individual desires, tastes, and inclinations.
This is not a wild fancy or an aberration of the mind.
It is the conclusion arrived at by hosts of intellectual men and women the world over; a conclusion resulting from the close and studious observation of the tendencies of modern society: individual liberty and economic equality, the twin forces for the birth of what is fine and true in man.
No one has yet realized the wealth of sympathy, the kindness, and generosity hidden in the soul of a child.
If love does not know how to give and take without restrictions, it is not love, but a transaction that never fails to lay stress on a plus and a minus.
The strongest bulwark of authority is uniformity; the least divergence from it is the greatest crime.
It is certain.
It is decidedly so.
Without a doubt.
Yes definitely.
You may rely on it.
As I see it, yes.
Most likely.
Outlook good.
Yes.
Signs point to yes.
Reply hazy, try again.
Ask again later.
Better not tell you now.
Better not tell you now.
Concentrate and ask again.
Don't count on it.
My reply is no.
My sources say no.
Outlook not so good.
Very doubtful.
No.
Maybe.
The Good.
The Bad.
The Funny.
Oh Light there is no Darkness, oh Light we are in the presence of Endless Light.
Let not my tears fall infertile soil, and take these words as you may.
Give them combat and murder their nonsense, let them reside with you most dearly.
Caveat lector: this diatribe is me-ga-lo-manic.
It has come forth from kindling of mine and will turn again to ashes in your hands this time.
Let it entertain you and give it no condign treatment, but oh how it would amuse me to recieve your thoughts.
In fact in all my derision I cannot deny my love of your breed.
Oh, but never condemn it.
Do not call it insane, though tortured it is, and of the banal definition of insanity I will not remind you, for how should you ever hope to surpass madness if unnaproachable with sane reason you should make it?
I won't lie to say I'm looking out for you, think twice.
What is a human?
This we will answer to know ourselves unto our most indeterminate ends.
In all the Earth pervades ambivalent human, diametric convergence upon shifting soil to carve the oasis bed.
But in more and less pragmatics-pure evil-reduce them to tools, that which we are obliged alike to beware and befriend.
If we should ever desire to reach some servile definition we must of course enslave ourselves to the realm of salient permutation.
Our form, our mind, psyche, our vicissitude, our so called soul, spirit, our very exigence is to be desired notorious.
Despite all deductive privilege we folly to grapple with condemnation, and perhaps in answering we must permit more than personal strife.
Then and only then arises the derivative quandary of personhood.
If one is thought only to attain it by means of other people then we assume it is an illusion permitting even our own multiplicity;
where there is psyche there is ego, and where there is ego there is person.
Are then we humans ineluctable persons? How should any nascent human come to differentiate from personhood, and still retain their capacity to survive and navigate the Earth?
If we demarcate further life from survival on the basis of its quality then is personhood, and therein a judged value of such, anything but our conception of life itself?
Even inhuman creatures by our vicissitudinal personhood are importuned upon phrenologically.
And it is well known that the pseudoscience of phrenology bloodlessly offers little more than the advantage of self inquiry.
One may reach the sole conclusion that aught but ambivalence delivers a fierce neurosis.
Of quality of life an inauspicious detractor unto abandon.
Servile indeed we are are own slave-drivers, and how could we best wish to be anything but?
Therein lies the quandary, the self keeping secret, the substantive incomprehension.
So what is a human at present?
It is all seems rather stochastic, rather indeterminate.
So then I must turn to notions of 'Human Nature'.
What is to be expected of humans?
We tend to all manners of arbitrary good and evil.
Perhaps the behavioral mechanisms of our ego are an apt locus for analysis.
Indeed is psychology a splendid device, for it exceeds our conceptions.
It is even upheld with paramount faith by illustrious world class scientists that it exceeds yet even its own conceptions.
Thus we inadvertently ascribe it, with ease, an abundance of power.
Indeed, the power of the unknown, which has the capability to evoke only the most reified illusions: reality.
Indeed, it is the ultimate illusion. And psyche is denoted that which science permits no tentative explanation.
There is in truth no trace of differentiation to be had except by the demarcations of the infallible blade of our person Holy-Servant-Truth.
We are all multiplicitous in our selves, however the ego finds it convenient to hold up a singular mask by which one knowing its marks can feel their way around in the dark of the outside day.
And indeed does the unknown pose the greatest object of fear to the human ego.
Demarcations in windfall to the ego the unknown is made the other, given form, and does well to preserve it in all its fear.
At base I feel a need for consolation.
All in consolation, purpose, ambition, love, and any other among the great illustrious human drivers.
At base they offer no more than expedience unto perpetuated being.
The human purpose, for instance, found of becoming a priest or doctor, philanthropist or caretaker serves one's ideal that they create meaningful, well valued change in the world.
What we are really doing, in tandem with creating the material changes we will, is bringing our own divine ecstasy to some modicum of permittance unto awareness.
It is true the same of Love, and of every human emotion-It is akin to food as spiritual sustenance.
They belong to us, experienced by us, and at the same time we rob ourselves of them by making unwitting thieves of every imaginable other we know.
It was always theirs, and will always be theirs, but it was so buried that it required a mass lifelong excavation with shovels and loud machines of the purposeful life callings, in many cases.
In many cases it should suffice, as well.
For if we are contented to a long life, and would prefer it to some orgiastic instant of blithering experience into the void, then it is our utmost advantage to seek out purpose and therein fulfill ourselves.
Without purpose man loses his vigor.
When he is distraught he finds little purpose in doing much, but the contrary is the salient consideration here:
When he lacks purpose he becomes distraught and further stagnates, he cannot forseeably overcome the weight of his misery, for he sees not beyond the bounds of his circumstance, except when he may give permission to faith, perhaps by the reminder of some intense emotion of pleasure or ecstasy.
Thus we are closed systems of activity.
In all our worldliness our worlds remain entirely self confined and defining.
We may very well navigate them, change them, and come to change within them, but we are axiomatically operating within the sphere of our selves, no matter how you may comprehend.
Indeed is change the only thing which is unchanging, indeed are we change itself.
Nothing ever has to be how it was before.
Nothing ever has to be how it was before, for twice into the same river you may not wade.
Know the sin, the self motivation, in all your good deeds, and do them still.
Humans are ineluctably selfish.
Even self sacrificial death, a martyrdom to grant beautiful life to a trillions is insufficient.
Love others, help them, raise them to your highest ambitions of purity, and therein find your happiness.
Be ye men and women of great passions.
Naught of fear nor guilt, doubt nor shame; only in Power, Ecstacy, and Love can we contend with such infernal augury.
Love thy neighbor insofar as they love you, knowing still that an eye for an eye is of pitiful consolation.
Love is not kindness, it is not affection.
The banal herald of the heart often prunes in the nascent with all its odious saccharine.
It can take joy, it can take grief, lies, disdain, hell, it can even take the devil, for it is that great.
Great things are greatly dual, true love, in sin all joys be thine.
Do well to know thy confidence in surfeit.
It leads to disgrace of human relations.
It leads to megalomania and folly in ambition by swallowing itself up into its own stomach acids.
Once a vital device, it renders itself a mere sentiment.
A sentiment a dream most lovely!
But a dream will always be a fantasy.
If we are to permit it thus we may never come to see our hands within.
Yes, indeed, it must be kept in check in all its actions-regardless of their need for justification.
Thus Human people seem to be among the most perturbing of things I encounter.
Especially the repentant.
Being sorry is not apologizing.
It is merely expressing  one's consternation; apologizing is making right what one has thought to have wronged.
Deontologically so, by their own categorical imperative, one commits the original sin of selfishness in making sacred the act of consoling themselves by tithing to others most virtuously.
For we are unable to give without receiving.
Any virtue we do project must have been reflected in our selves.
And the humans really do get away free with murder.
Indeed, the others, and your love with them is your life-blood.
Have well and caring your suits and ties.
But Freedom is not Liberation.
It is merely the availability of a choice, and all too often only in its positive mode.
Freedom is the option to do, liberation is the ability to do and do not as one wills.
Liberation contains multitudes of freedom.
You have the absolute freedom, upheld by civilization with paramount vehemence, to be a slave.
Thus your liberation must be borne of you what would only be considered at large savage and blasphemous.
After all, everybody wants to preponderate over everybody else with lovely liberty.
It consoles them much to think themselves powerful, oh, much safety in their conception of power, all their power grasped and groped out of mere fear and guilt.
They have it naught, they have it only of their affordances.
But it is instantaneously available everywhere, belonging to all and none.
Thus liberation is the knowledge of this incomprehensible infinitude of freedom.
Be liberated, oh lamb, and go on living most ecstatically in lovely death.
After all, that's all we're really doing here, living on in death.
You will suffer only amnesia, that is, if you will neglect mnemony.
A word, after all, is merely the mnemic residue of a word that has been heard.
I love words.
The pen, oh, most mendacious, is the most esoteric W.M.D. for it may only be drawn with efficacy by its willing espiers.
If language is a virus then humanity has been largely inoculated, indeed too does the immunization process proceed.
Rising rates of unliteracy and so too the thievery of creative liberty serve it well.
The humans at large seem to care little for words aside from how they may manipulate their contemporaries.
And what saddens me most is that recently all of the precious novelties among them seem to be retained by us in ways that only serve our ambitions most surreptitiously.
Among what I would deign call stupid spheres of thought we haw up these precious creations and just as quickly condemn them to an odious passe quality.
There they are only creating to make some momentary use of the affordance, it really is genius.
However it seems yet to accomplish little in loosening the infernal wick-chains.
They have grasped the match, and struck it! But indeed it does merely spark, they breathe too damp.
And so too of its little cool dry soot they do not make a writing implement.
Fire, flame ambition, that which brings liberty from the earth and may shape it in shadow.
That which brings light from dark.
That which creates and destroys.
That which brings both life and death, both vitality and injury.
It must be well kept in will.
The divine phallus produces a conflagration in its orgiastic death.
All flame spews forth from will in liberty.
And those acquiescing to their instincts so deride as it equally burns up their consolation as it does to emasculate their phallus.
Man creates himself in his own image, as Heine says.
If he is to bear flame this is all too powerful for the comfort of his contemporaries, who seek only to abscond with it by staunching it out.
Their instincts desire naught to hold it for themselves, for if they did it would mean their death-turn to ash.
Thus the acquisition and control of fire means the death of a human's instinctual life.
Human becomes liberated from his image in potentia and thus needs little more of it.
He becomes an object of fear and contempt to his fellow humans, for they can only see him as a dangerous threat to their sense of safety and very ideal of goodness in their contrived orders.
Thus they will call him mad, evil and attempt to staunch him out.
But they, know it well, will never.
Indeed are the fire myths of Prometheus and of Heracles the Lernean Hydra massive copes of civilization that sought to console humanity's belief there was anything guiding them beyond themselves.
They were terrified of the notion that they could do so well for themselves, if it meant living naked and afraid in the wind.
So they pissed on the ashes and made cool of them.
All their mythopoeic ingenium served only to its subdual.
So, Prometheus, are you a thief or a thief?
Do you thieve away your flame without?
Or shall you thieve it within and keep it for yourself?
Indeed it is the sole mission of others to staunch out your ambitions.
To most humans you mean nothing but pleasure or pain.
They betray you in their most virtuous love and abase you in their most severe prides.
They would sooner cannibalize you too if some resplendant spell were to fall over them the more they laid claim of an affection for you.
Indeed they devour and destroy what it is they love simply to think it a part of them-so that they may permit themselves a bit of the love they've stolen.
Oh, what joy to feast upon your delicious liver each day!
All blasphemy is taboo for it readily betrays their own instinctual urges.
Although they may never indeed, and we should hope, come to know nor act on it.
It is said of artists that they grasp in vain at beauties within to make light of their sufferings they hold without.
They create remnants of beauty and suffering and both intherein to ascertain purpose and meaning.
They are most admirably sophomoric.
So too they say to destroy the remnant, and retain the memory.
But oh, what good is a memory?
As it serve you, in any case, so too of the remnant, which often poses a ready reminder of the memory, if it is the consternation of such with which we are to be concerned in the creation of art that makes of it light.
Indeed the human is ambivalent, a daemon!
And as it is known, demons are largely only the children of men; no greater evil walks the Earth than man and his child.
Grant us mercy in our folly!
Grant us pause from the tempest!
Allow us to sleep soundly in the warm arms of a lover.
Nevermore and always indeed, we may only be sure of our consolation lust.
If we should devote ourselves to its attainment then let us have it.
If we should deny it of ourselves then let us have it naught.
If we should deign either choice unwittingly then let it be as it will.
There is no folly.
There is no room for error, lest we imagine ourselves servile to some grand deterministic god fearing fate!
In the face of it all do well to laugh, for it is all that may be gotten away with for free.
Smile and laugh, in Power, Ecstacy, and Love.
Cry tears and weep, but smile through them, rage!
Scream out in flame!
And bright the day anew.
Lest you will sleep in dreams that may naught come.
You simply cannot, it is not permitted!
Indeed, it is among the most frequently committed sins of hell, human evil, to impose one's personal truths upon others-convictions, opinions: mere fallacies.
Whether it be in intention, decisive action, word, effect, joke, or even gift- most pernicious-it is often one's own culture, their friends, their families, their loved ones and idols, who do so unto them with most vicious severity.
Do well to extirpate all conviction and ask it how it intends to serve you.
Indeed, do well to know thy Human, for it is thy chief appendage in this material word of effect, Hell infernal, their condition of having no alternative.
And have naught of Fear nor Guilt; doubt nor shame.
These things I call evil.
If we are good then know it well we never make afraid nor guilty of the others.
No, they do not even do it to themselves.
It is only evil, there is nothing to fear.
Hell is merely the condition of permitting no alternative.
And indeed the Devil is the Man down there.
So be it said by Freud that fear requires an object, fright is the state of surprise caused by the object of fear, and that anxiety is a protective measure against some future fear.
Therefore a distinction lies among them.
So too may it be said of us of pleasure, joy, and happiness.
Pleasure requires an object, and is really the satisfaction of an instinctual drang leading to quiescence.
It is often accompanied by joy, the sensational mode, which is of a more highly bound aesthetic and economic identity, however is too completely mutable and in no way characteristic of anything absolute;
it is different from pleasure however neither mean anything much at all beyond a mechanism or sensation.
Then there is happiness, which is nigh intangible.
It may be known to be felt, or perhaps even felt by a few, but it has absolutely no certain aesthetic or economic cathexes to be grasped.
It is as incomprehensible as the core of being and indeed a facet of it.
It is rather indeterminate, then, how it may be fomented or even known in high holding, but I would posit that it is often believed to be merely the consolation of thinking oneself happy, in any case, rather than the happiness itself.
Indeed then do pleasure and joy delude one into the belief of their happiness when those inculcators are perhaps found in deeds that only serve the self-preservation of the ego, which is known to be capable of deriving them from foul things like sadism and destruction.
Still our determination of 'foul' is of little absolute value here, it is merely a personal preference, most aesthetic and economically bound, but likely to be highly accepted amongst humans, in any case.
So too can we say of affection, desire, and love.
Affection is merely the objekt fixated mechanism which desire takes up to achieve its ziel.
Desire is merely a construct of beliefs which demarcate further ziel and objekt measure unto pleasure and joy.
Love is intangible like happiness, perhaps identical.
Indeed: Power, Ecstacy, Love, and much Fire in Will.
And naught of them naught the favorite Human game, which they never will agree to play by eachother's rules.
All humans and even some inhuman animals have a proclivity to play.
Playful nature is in large ambivalent but indeed does it serve a most crucial mechanism to the preservation of the psyche.
It is a surrogate mode for experiences that have been denied pleasurable discharge elsewhere-oh, onanism.
It aims to palliate most pleasurably and master that which has overwhelmed the organism and caused it some exciting impression elsewhere.
Thus is the basis for the victory drive.
Allow us to consider war as the penultimate favored game of humanity before life itself.
It is their favorite game and because civilization seeks to preserve itself among its demarcated cultures-nations-it is usually reduced to permutations such as sport and other simulations.
Sports and other commonplace games are simply war with varying rules that aim to deliver the pleasure of victory and joy of life without accosting it too hard.
Chess, cards, all sports, and even bloody fatal war are all mere games which serve some economic purpose in surrogacy for life.
And the humans do well to confuse the two with vehemence equal to the value they ascribe their very lives.
It is why the sports arena beholds such deranged, grotesque proportions of fanatical mania. The brutes start fires and fights, destroying their places of dwelling over these contrived contests because they have failed to ascertain any modicum of satisfaction elsewhere for their exigence--onanism.
Coitus interruptus civilitas most orgiastic.
And sex toys, Weapons, indeed are a major fixation of humans, particularly those tending to physical destruction, commonplace things such as blades or guns.
It is the power they afford over the world and others which consoles them.
The more weapons of this kind one takes up for their consolation indeed all the more powerless they make themselves, and of course their residence with the human is so often unfortunately impelled by its mutual residence with other humans, as they breed amongst themselves reciprocal fear of harm and proclivity to bring it upon each other with them. Indeed among the sleeping humans even a single deleterious interloper disturbs their dreams so greatly that they all become virilized in its fashion.
One man holds a gun in all his humanity, and now the rest too must seek one in order to preserve themselves against him.
To have none at all is fallacy.
Even a rock is good enough.
Even the body is good enough.
Even an intention alone is good enough and is probably more often than any commonplace weapon the sole originator of the human wickedness, fearful wickedness that they take up themselves to preserve.
All their externally directed violence originates within them, and when they are left without consolation they find only to release it in such a way that they may see their own tears fall from the eyes of their victims.
Oh it is so sorrowful to think of all their suffering and know too we must do well to relieve them of it in ways that do bring it not then upon ourselves.
If only the trash bin were bottomless and their litter were glad bags!
Violent virtual games have been among the most contentious objects of media in the spheres of concerned human parents, which are egregiously violent and often fantastically vile in surfeit.
They are enjoyed, at base, because they offer some excitement of reaction and fight or flight.
Those kinds of things can all the better, with regard to fomenting a lovely constitution, be attained by a simple game of hide-and-go-seek, in my opinion.
What games we may endeavour to play may reflect our ambitions for our selves and avocations.
I'd love to play hide-and-go-seek some time but all my regular play mates have really gotten just too mature for that.
I believe the firearm to be a most dangerous appendage of the adult ego, but perhaps it offers plentiful exploratory affordance to children in its simulation as a toy; as something to healthily develop the relationship to the concept of power and differentiate it from the real thing.
I suspect the majority of gun-fixated adolescents go on to become gun-fixated adults in any case:
Indeed does power corrupt when it is not one's own.
I used to revel in the mechanical splendor of the firearm and covet their varieties, but indeed does my childish weakness give way to their horror.
One foam pellet of sadism propelled by some room temperature air against the T-shirt of my dear friend proved well that those fascinations should be known a gateway to high standing with the worst of the worst of my selves.
Such tools are not toys even in their colorful plastic packaging, lining the aisle at the toy store.
And what use may we know of toys aside the facilitation of pretend play?
Pretend play which is all too real, all too corrupted by weakness, should we require our hands full of it.
The Humans are beings of great play, play most ambivalent.
Indeed, they just want to make of you a play mate, they just want to play with you!
Their toy, oh, my god.
So they try to destroy and disgrace in all their innocence, as children in anger do so often to break their favorite toys.
In all their lovely gifts and virtues.
Oh how they suck the blood of another to sustain, Vampire Cannibalism!
Out of their bloodless, incomprehensible heart they may do anything they wish if they should permit it.
It really is a shame then how much they go around killing each other, as if they were all bloodless beasts.
Indeed is man a monster, the most Human monster, the most known and welcomed monster under the bed.
Prince and Princess of the pea under my matress upon which I do not sleep.
But Pinocchio will be a real boy, and oh how his nose doth grow!
To Geppetto's ecstacy, the father in our heart, our incomprehensible heart.
His ecstacy is in ours, his joy is to see our joy.
Play nicely, now, my dear.
Perhaps the Romans had it most perspicuous.
Their colosseums, their sports were the very subject matter of human fascination.
Sex, and death.
Indeed are sex and death the two universal equivalents of humanity.
The gods Eros and Thanatos in their perpetual reign over humanity produce such beguiling spectacles.
They admix and come forth from Human in most variegated splendor.
The quasi-immortal germ-plasm from Eros hand does indeed serve them both in carving the oasis bed upon who's waters they bathe in all our blood, sweat, tears, and coital discharge.
So of the humans, then, I suppose it would be simple and most fitting to say only this in conclusion:
When on Earth, do as the Earthlings do!
That is, if you should do well to delight in all the love, power, and ecstacy of your own human ambition.
I find I must be extremely careful with them.
I think I want only to rid them of their suffering, and know too well that this is not to give them their happiness.
My words, my gifts, my companies, they fail to make well my intentions within the so limited scope of my attention.
It would seem one could spend their entire life making a single decision, so how then can we ever make our decisions in that crucial single breath if we are not to die and be born anew with each artful automatic spasm of the diaphragm?
Secrets are kept safely, be there no misunderstandings, but how can our understanding be anything but a lie?
I won't lie to say, 
I have no answer.
And now will still.
Let naught my tears fall infertile soil.
Sonorous timbres and pines to serve hearth your hearts aflame in the dark.
Bring to them light their kindred flee thy home stark and afraid in the wind, therein find your courage.
Let my numbers be ten each upon the hand of the suit and five upon that of its hand.
The birds of prey to have their fowl-play and you to go forth mindlessly among the conflagration.
What ecstatic melody thy paroxysm is one and so too is thy quiescence, have mercy.
For in Death lies skeletal make flee soft warm flesh.
Flaming windfall make flee little soft warm flesh.
Skeletal make flee their homes aflame stark and afraid in the wind little soft warm flesh.
Flaming windfall make flee the grave.
Flaming windfall make skeletal to soot to heat to flaming windfall skeletal.
Flaming windfall skeletal make flee little soft warm flesh the grave.
Flaming windfall skelet al make truth these lies.
Flaming windfall skeletal melody make paroxysm thy quiescence.
Flaming wind fall skelet al make melody conflagration.
Flaming windfall skeletal Kyrie Elaison.
Flaming windfalls skeletal grave little soft warm flesh.
Flaming windfall skeletal hide behind little soft warm flesh.
Flaming windfall skeletal and little soft warm flesh to soot.
Flaming windfall skeletal and hot soot windfall never burn.
Flaming windfall skeletal your ashes burning.
Flaming windfall skeletal ivory the urn the grave aflame.
Flaming windfall skeletal melody sweet incomprehension.
Sweet incomprehension the eye eight aflame.
Sweet incomprehension be your eye aflame in the dark.
Sweet incomprehension the eye eight aflame XVX.
Sweet incomprehension pay no mind.
Sweet incomprehension windfall your pockets.
Sweet incomprehension wind fall from shelves your books your words your soot.
Sweet incomprehension have keep no secret.
Sweet incomprehension to have no folly.
Sweet incomprehension to tell no lies.
Sweet incomprehension to have no answer.
Sweet incomprehension soot windfall the eyes.
Sweet incomprehension to blind the eyes.
Sweet incomprehension to blind the eyes aflame.
Sweet incomprehension blindness in the heart of darkness.
Sweet incomprehension of Humanity.
Sweet incomprehension of Human Love.
Sweet incomprehension solve Humanity.
Sweet incomprehension all their Love.
Sweet incomprehension always yours.
Sweet incomprehension nevermore.
Sweet incomprehension intherein.
The Quandary, You Amphipath!
Oasis bed upon who's waters.
Naught one sweet incomprehension bathe in all our blood, sweat, tears, and coital discharge.
Blood sweat tears go forth coagula run.
Blood sweat tears go forth the veins run.
Blood sweat tears go forth skeletal run.
Blood sweat tears too hot for little soft warm flesh the veins run.
Blood sweat tears go forth blood run cold.
Blood sweat tears to the light a flame.
Blood sweat tears but not coital discharge.
Blood sweat tears but not Love.
Blood sweat tears but not coagula.
Blood sweat tears the heart in two.
Blood sweat tears the heart is two.
Blood sweat tears the heart is great and it is yours run.
Blood sweat tears run off thy feet.
Blood sweat tears run let naught fall on infertile soil run.
Blood sweat tears go forth the grave aflame run.
Blood sweat tears ivory surfeit urn aflame.
Sweet blood sweat tears of Human run.
Sweet blood sweat tears a monster run.
Sweet blood sweat tears fly off thy feet run.
Sweet blood sweat tears the grave a flame.
Sweet blood sweat tears but Human moth.
Sweet blood sweat tears but Human fly.
Sweet blood sweat tears the eye eight aflame.
The Eye Eight IGNI aflame.
The Eye Eight a flame.
The Flame is nigh! 
The Flame is aught!
The Flame is hidden and beheld.
Raise it!
The Flame in ecstatic conflagration, Raise it!
Oh, Raise it! 
Conflagration!
Oh, Ignus Divine, Kyrie Elaison have mercy!
Oh, INRI, INRI!
Oh, your heart your grave aflame!
Oh, your heart a conflagration!
Oh, hidden and beheld.
Oh, the eye behind.
Oh, the eye aflame.
Oh, the eye hidden and beheld a flame intherein.
Oh, little soft warm light in the corner, hidden and beheld
Oh, sweet melody thy paroxysm is one and so too is thy quiescence.
Let naught my tears fall infertile soil.
Zirdo iadnamad elila micalzodo saanir madriaax finis balziziras iada IO KIA!
Namaḥ saptānāṁ samyak-saṁbuddha koṭīnāṁ tad-yathā oṁ cale cule cundi svāhā.
Worldsoul Awake.
Is The Existence Of Terra On Fire With Love - Aion 131.
I Invoke The Worldsoul,
The Eternal Eye That Sees All.
The Memory Of Billions Of Years.
I Invoke The Groupmind,
The Universal Consciousness.
One Heart, One Desire, One Mind.
I Enflame The Group Unconscious.
To Consciousness.
Total Self Awareness.
Now!
One Being.
One Consciousness.
One Thought.
I Demand Joy Through The Unity Of Mandkind.
I Demand Peace For The Beauty Of Growing.
Through The Birth Of The One Mind.
One!
I Demand Freedom For All Beings.
To Do Their Will In The Dance Of Tao.
I E-Voke The Big Mess.
The Poison Of Civilization.
I E-Voke.
Religious-Racial-National-Political-Sexual.
Hatred And Violence.
I E-Voke The Evil Greedy Shadow Within Us All.
Inner Stillness.
Playing Is The Between Path.
I Am Play.
I Am The Star.
Within The System Of Stars.
I Am Earthed-Link In Infinite.
Chain-Memory Of Chromosomal Instincts.
I Am Now.
One Is Now.
One.
All Ways.
Must Awake Now!
Those who think they love too much haven't broken their chains.
Exterminate all rational thought.
Ecstacy is in the flesh.
Courage is contagious.
Every woman is a star.
Me, warrior lord of men.
Thou Hadit, my heart & my tongue.
Let my servants be fools that refuse their jewels under the stars and in you.
My ecstasy is in your fill of love. 
I am above you and in you. 
My ecstasy is in yours.
We are all children inside an adult carcass.